Misc/Project Ideas.md, before:

## Game Ideas
- [ ] Recreate Wilmot Works it Out on Playdate (or just on PC)
- [ ] Marble Blast Ultra style game
- [ ] Exploration car/plane game
- [ ] Retro programming video game with stylized fantasy programming languages
- [ ] 
## Tool Ideas
- [ ] **Emoji or Unicode explorer application**
- [ ] A very simple video editor with keyboard controls (like VIM style bindings)
- [ ] Make an android app that modulates the vibration of my phone whenever it's using a lot of CPU power
- [ ] Redo ConstPort, with better support for many different text sources
- [ ] Debug console overlay single header include library
- [ ] Handmade Skilltree (or really Open Skilltree)
- [ ] Make a small timer app that works on Android, iOS, Web (WASM), Windows, OSX, and Linux
- [ ] Make a cooking recipe and information tracker with version control, comments, and sharing across devices (between accounts?)
- [ ] Make a map editing application that looks and operates on data like Google Maps but allows customization of the data and sharing subsets or patches easily
- [ ] Make an app that helps people crowdsource information about item locations in a grocery store allowing people to check inventory and count before visiting
- [ ] baddbg, it's like raddbg but bad
- [ ] File format inspector manipulation tool (hex editor+)
- [ ] Framerate graph single header include library
- [ ] HandmadeArena.h
- [ ] Language learning app
- [ ] An efficient, performant, video editing software for main scrub/splice task
- [ ] Rubiks cube algorithm learning/tracking tool
- [ ] A fork of Lua that has 0 indexed arrays, better syntax characters, etc.
- [ ] Real time collaboration with UDP sockets on a simple DCC app like: paint/Milton, level editor, text editor, etc.
	- [ ] maybe more like a single header include entity system for managing synchronized, real time, undoable data?
- [ ] A simple handmade word processor application
- [ ] a simple handmade PowerPoint replacement
- [ ] Better software for writing books for Amanda
- [ ] A better installer creation utility than NSIS?
- [ ] a way to write notes about someone while only briefly using your phone, ie they tell you something they like, 4-5 button presses later you have a stub that can help you remember that and a way to come back later and fill it out more completely
- [ ] Handmade Rectangle (extension to handmade math for rectangles 3D AABBs and also OBBs)
- [ ] 
## Miscellaneous
- [ ] Add comments to the Pigglen codebase that tell a story so it is fun to read
- [ ] A new format for mods in a video game? Platform agnostic, maybe language agnostic?
- [ ]

Commit message:

Added a bunch of notes (Unreal Engine, MSVC Compiler, GDB debugger, Rust, etc.) Also added a Private folder that is ignored in the .gitignore.

Misc/Project Ideas.md, after:

## Game Ideas
- [ ] Recreate Wilmot Works it Out on Playdate (or just on PC)
- [ ] Marble Blast Ultra style game
- [ ] Exploration car/plane game
- [ ] Retro programming video game with stylized fantasy programming languages
- [ ] 
## Tool Ideas
- [ ] **Emoji or Unicode explorer application**
	- [ ] Possibly a better application for adding custom glyphs to a font (like we do at Bungie)
- [ ] A very simple video editor with keyboard controls (like VIM style bindings)
- [ ] Make an android app that modulates the vibration of my phone whenever it's using a lot of CPU power
- [ ] Redo ConstPort, with better support for many different text sources
- [ ] Debug console overlay single header include library
- [ ] Handmade Skilltree (or really Open Skilltree)
- [ ] Make a small timer app that works on Android, iOS, Web (WASM), Windows, OSX, and Linux
- [ ] Make a cooking recipe and information tracker with version control, comments, and sharing across devices (between accounts?)
- [ ] Make a map editing application that looks and operates on data like Google Maps but allows customization of the data and sharing subsets or patches easily
- [ ] Make an app that helps people crowdsource information about item locations in a grocery store allowing people to check inventory and count before visiting
- [ ] baddbg, it's like raddbg but bad
- [ ] File format inspector manipulation tool (hex editor+)
- [ ] Framerate graph single header include library
- [ ] HandmadeArena.h
- [ ] Language learning app
- [ ] An efficient, performant, video editing software for main scrub/splice task
- [ ] Rubiks cube algorithm learning/tracking tool
- [ ] A fork of Lua that has 0 indexed arrays, better syntax characters, etc.
- [ ] Real time collaboration with UDP sockets on a simple DCC app like: paint/Milton, level editor, text editor, etc.
	- [ ] maybe more like a single header include entity system for managing synchronized, real time, undoable data?
- [ ] A simple handmade word processor application
- [ ] a simple handmade PowerPoint replacement
- [ ] Better software for writing books for Amanda
- [ ] A better installer creation utility than NSIS?
- [ ] a way to write notes about someone while only briefly using your phone, ie they tell you something they like, 4-5 button presses later you have a stub that can help you remember that and a way to come back later and fill it out more completely
- [ ] Handmade Rectangle (extension to handmade math for rectangles 3D AABBs and also OBBs)
- [ ] GIF editor with support for perfect loop finding, re-encoder, details viewer, cropping, etc.
- [ ] Native desktop OpenStreetMaps viewer/editor with support for easily managing downloaded maps, granularity, etc. Editing features should allow full customization of data while also making it easy to keep up to date with online versions of the maps (i.e. track changes from official data)
- [ ] Graph editor with good keyboard controls and some plugin system for auto-layout and data presentation
- [ ] 
## Miscellaneous
- [ ] Add comments to the Pigglen codebase that tell a story so it is fun to read
- [ ] A new format for mods in a video game? Platform agnostic, maybe language agnostic?
- [ ]
