Languages/Clang Compiler.md, before:

## Notes
- [ ] Compiler Version: **v18.1.8** (WSL **v10.0.0-4ubuntu1**)
- [ ] Install location: `C:/Program Files/LLVM/bin/clang.exe`
- [ ] `clang -dM -E -x c NUL`: List all predefined macros for Clang
- [ ] `__clang__`, `__clang_major__`, and `__clang_minor__` are defined by Clang
- [ ] [Pre-defined macros](https://sourceforge.net/p/predef/wiki/Compilers/) 
- [ ] [Warning Options](https://gcc.gnu.org/onlinedocs/gcc/Warning-Options.html)
- [ ] Check a compiled binary's required libraries with `objdump -p program_name | grep NEEDED` (also works for `RPATH`)
- [ ] 
## CLI Options
- [ ] `-o <file>`: Write output to `<file>`
- [ ] `-g`: Generate source-level debug information
- [ ] `-D <macro>=<value>`: Define `<macro>` to `<value>` (or 1 if `<value>` omitted)
- [ ] `-U <macro>`: Undefine macro `<macro>`
- [ ] `-I <dir>`: Add directory to the end of the list of include search paths
- [ ] `-L <dir>`: Add directory to library search path
- [ ] `--target=<value>`: Generate code for the given target
- [ ] `-W<warning>`: Enable the specified warning
- [ ] `-Wa,<arg>`: Pass the comma separated arguments in `<arg>` to the assembler
- [ ] `-Wl,<arg>`: Pass the comma separated arguments in `<arg>` to the linker
- [ ] `-Wp,<arg>`: Pass the comma separated arguments in `<arg>` to the preprocessor
- [ ] `-C`: Include comments in preprocessed output
- [ ] `-c`: Only run preprocess, compile, and assemble steps (aka, compile without link)
- [ ] `-E`: Only run the preprocessor
- [ ] `-S`: Only run preprocess and compilation steps
- [ ] `-P`: Disable linemarker output in `-E` mode
- [ ] `-dD`: Print macro definitions in `-E` mode in addition to normal output
- [ ] `-dI`: Print include directives in `-E` mode in addition to normal output
- [ ] `-dM`: Print macro definitions in `-E` mode instead of normal output
- [ ] `-CC`: Include comments from within macros in preprocessed output
- [ ] `-F <value>`: Add directory to framework include search path
- [ ] `-gdwarf`: Generate source-level debug information with the default dwarf version
- [ ] `-gembed-source`: Embed source text in DWARF debug sections
- [ ] `-H`: Show header includes and nesting depth
- [ ] `-std=<value>`: Language standard to compile for
- [ ] `-stdlib=<value>`: C++ standard library to use
- [ ] `-nostdinc++`: Disable standard `#include` directories for the C++ standard library
- [ ] `-ObjC++`: Treat source input files as Objective-C++ inputs
- [ ] `-ObjC`: Treat source input files as Objective-C inputs
- [ ] `-object-file-name=<file>`: Set the output `<file>` for debug infos
- [ ] `-pedantic`: Warn on language extensions
- [ ] `--precompile`: Only precompile the input
- [ ] `-pthread`: Support POSIX threads in generated code
- [ ] `-Qn`: Do not emit metadata containing compiler name and version
- [ ] `-rtlib=<value>`: Compiler runtime library to use
- [ ] `-T <script>`: Specify `<script>` as linker script
- [ ] `--version`: Print version information
- [ ] `-Wdeprecated`: Enable warnings for deprecated constructs and define `__DEPRECATED`
- [ ] `-working-directory <value>`: Resolve file paths relative to the specified directory
- [ ] `-x <language>`: Treat subsequent input files as having type `<language>`
- [ ] `-fdiagnostics-absolute-paths`: Print absolute paths in diagnostics
- [ ] `-arch <arch>` [Link](https://man.archlinux.org/man/extra/clang/clang.1.en#arch): Specifies the architecture to build for **(OSX Specific)**
---
- [ ] `-MMD`: Write a depfile containing user headers
- [ ] `-M`: Like `-MD`, but also implies `-E` and writes to stdout by default
- [ ] `-MD`: Write a depfile containing user and system headers
- [ ] `-MF <file>`: Write depfile output from `-MMD`, `-MD`, `-MM`, or `-M` to `<file>`
- [ ] `-MG`: Add missing headers to depfile
- [ ] `-MJ <value>`: Write a compilation database entry per input
- [ ] `-MM`: Like `-MMD`, but also implies `-E` and writes to stdout by default
- [ ] `-MP`: Create phony target for each dependency (other than main file)
- [ ] `-MQ <value>`: Specify name of main file output to quote in depfile
- [ ] `-MT <value>`: Specify name of main file output in depfile
- [ ] `-MV`: Use NMake/Jom format for the depfile
---
- [ ] `-finstrument-functions`: Generate calls to instrument function entry and exit
- [ ] `-finstrument-functions-entry-bare`: Instrument function entry only, after inlining, without arguments to the instrumentation call
- [ ] `-finstrument-functions-after-inlining`: Like `-finstrument-functions`, but insert the calls after inlining

Commit message:

Added a bunch of notes (Unreal Engine, MSVC Compiler, GDB debugger, Rust, etc.) Also added a Private folder that is ignored in the .gitignore.

Languages/Clang Compiler.md, after:

## Notes
- [ ] Compiler Version: **v18.1.8** (WSL **v10.0.0-4ubuntu1**)
- [ ] Install location: `C:/Program Files/LLVM/bin/clang.exe`
- [ ] `clang -dM -E -x c NUL`: List all predefined macros for Clang
- [ ] `__clang__`, `__clang_major__`, and `__clang_minor__` are defined by Clang
- [ ] [Pre-defined macros](https://sourceforge.net/p/predef/wiki/Compilers/) 
- [ ] [Warning Options](https://gcc.gnu.org/onlinedocs/gcc/Warning-Options.html)
- [ ] Check a compiled binary's required libraries with `objdump -p program_name | grep NEEDED` (also works for `RPATH`)
- [ ] NOTE: The order of libraries and source files on the command line matters! If you link against a library BEFORE your source file that uses functions from that library, it will end up failing to link. **You must add libraries AFTER the things that use stuff from them!**
- [ ] [RPATH Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rpath) [StackOverflow answer](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/39978762/linux-executable-cant-find-shared-library-in-same-folder)
- [ ] 
## CLI Options
- [ ] `-o <file>`: Write output to `<file>`
- [ ] `-g`: Generate source-level debug information
- [ ] `-D <macro>=<value>`: Define `<macro>` to `<value>` (or 1 if `<value>` omitted)
- [ ] `-U <macro>`: Undefine macro `<macro>`
- [ ] `-I <dir>`: Add directory to the end of the list of include search paths
- [ ] `-L <dir>`: Add directory to library search path
- [ ] `--target=<value>`: Generate code for the given target
- [ ] `-W<warning>`: Enable the specified warning
- [ ] `-Wa,<arg>`: Pass the comma separated arguments in `<arg>` to the assembler
- [ ] `-Wl,<arg>`: Pass the comma separated arguments in `<arg>` to the linker
- [ ] `-Wp,<arg>`: Pass the comma separated arguments in `<arg>` to the preprocessor
- [ ] `-C`: Include comments in preprocessed output
- [ ] `-c`: Only run preprocess, compile, and assemble steps (aka, compile without link)
- [ ] `-E`: Only run the preprocessor
- [ ] `-S`: Only run preprocess and compilation steps
- [ ] `-P`: Disable linemarker output in `-E` mode
- [ ] `-dD`: Print macro definitions in `-E` mode in addition to normal output
- [ ] `-dI`: Print include directives in `-E` mode in addition to normal output
- [ ] `-dM`: Print macro definitions in `-E` mode instead of normal output
- [ ] `-CC`: Include comments from within macros in preprocessed output
- [ ] `-F <value>`: Add directory to framework include search path
- [ ] `-gdwarf`: Generate source-level debug information with the default dwarf version
- [ ] `-gsplit-dwarf`: Put the debug information into it's own `.dwo` file
- [ ] `-gembed-source`: Embed source text in DWARF debug sections
- [ ] `-H`: Show header includes and nesting depth
- [ ] `-std=<value>`: Language standard to compile for
- [ ] `-stdlib=<value>`: C++ standard library to use
- [ ] `-nostdinc++`: Disable standard `#include` directories for the C++ standard library
- [ ] `-ObjC++`: Treat source input files as Objective-C++ inputs
- [ ] `-ObjC`: Treat source input files as Objective-C inputs
- [ ] `-object-file-name=<file>`: Set the output `<file>` for debug infos
- [ ] `-pedantic`: Warn on language extensions
- [ ] `--precompile`: Only precompile the input
- [ ] `-pthread`: Support POSIX threads in generated code
- [ ] `-Qn`: Do not emit metadata containing compiler name and version
- [ ] `-rtlib=<value>`: Compiler runtime library to use
- [ ] `-T <script>`: Specify `<script>` as linker script
- [ ] `--version`: Print version information
- [ ] `-Wdeprecated`: Enable warnings for deprecated constructs and define `__DEPRECATED`
- [ ] `-working-directory <value>`: Resolve file paths relative to the specified directory
- [ ] `-x <language>`: Treat subsequent input files as having type `<language>`
- [ ] `-fdiagnostics-absolute-paths`: Print absolute paths in diagnostics
- [ ] `-arch <arch>` [Link](https://man.archlinux.org/man/extra/clang/clang.1.en#arch): Specifies the architecture to build for **(OSX Specific)**
---
- [ ] `-MMD`: Write a depfile containing user headers
- [ ] `-M`: Like `-MD`, but also implies `-E` and writes to stdout by default
- [ ] `-MD`: Write a depfile containing user and system headers
- [ ] `-MF <file>`: Write depfile output from `-MMD`, `-MD`, `-MM`, or `-M` to `<file>`
- [ ] `-MG`: Add missing headers to depfile
- [ ] `-MJ <value>`: Write a compilation database entry per input
- [ ] `-MM`: Like `-MMD`, but also implies `-E` and writes to stdout by default
- [ ] `-MP`: Create phony target for each dependency (other than main file)
- [ ] `-MQ <value>`: Specify name of main file output to quote in depfile
- [ ] `-MT <value>`: Specify name of main file output in depfile
- [ ] `-MV`: Use NMake/Jom format for the depfile
---
- [ ] `-finstrument-functions`: Generate calls to instrument function entry and exit
- [ ] `-finstrument-functions-entry-bare`: Instrument function entry only, after inlining, without arguments to the instrumentation call
- [ ] `-finstrument-functions-after-inlining`: Like `-finstrument-functions`, but insert the calls after inlining
