Tools/Software I Should Try.md, before:

- [x] **Obsidian** [Link](https://obsidian.md/)
      ![[Software I Should Try - ObsidianLogo.png]]
	- Obsidian is the private and flexible writing app that adepts to the way you think
---
- [x] **Kagi** [Link](https://kagi.com/)
      ![[Software I Should Try - KagiLogo.png]]
	- Search Engine replacement for Google that is monthly subscription instead of Ads
---
- [ ] **fred** [YT Demo Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LmINbnhfLIc) [Twitch VOD Link](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/2306676590?t=04h38m52s) [fredbuf Link](https://github.com/cdacamar/fredbuf) [Blog Link](https://cdacamar.github.io/) [Twitter](https://x.com/starfreakclone)
	- "Friendly Text Editor" being built by @starfreakclone (aka Cameron DaCamara) demoed at HMS 2024
---
- [x] **4Coder** [Link](https://4coder.net/)
      ![[Software I Should Try - 4CoderLogo.png]]
	- Text Editor made by Alan Webster
---
- [ ] **Affinity Designer/Photo/Publisher** [Link](https://affinity.serif.com/en-us/)
      ![[Software I Should Try - AffinityLogo.png]]
	- Alternative to Adobe products with a 1-time payment structure rather than a subscription
---
- [ ] **raddbg** [Link](https://github.com/EpicGamesExt/raddebugger)
      ![[Software I Should Try - RadDbgLogo.png]]
	- Windows debugger built by Ryan at RAD Game Tools, currently in ALPHA
---
- [ ] **SpeedCrunch** [Link](https://heldercorreia.bitbucket.io/speedcrunch/)
      ![[Software I Should Try - SpeedCrunchLogo.png]]
	- A command-line like interface for a calculator
---
- [x] **Zig** [Link](https://ziglang.org/)
      ![[Software I Should Try - ZigLogo.png]]
	- A general-purpose programming language and toolchain for maintaining robust, optimal, and reusable software
---
- [ ] **zigup** [Link](https://github.com/marler8997/zigup)
      ![[Software I Should Try - ZigupLogo.png]]
	- Download and manage Zig compilers (make it easy to use multiple versions for different projects)
---
- [ ] **Mach Engine** [Link](https://machengine.org/)
      ![[Software I Should Try - MachEngineLogo.png]]
	- A game engine (optionally framework) written in Zig. Can be used like GLFW/SDL/etc. (a framework) or like a Unity/Unreal/Godot (an engine)
---
- [ ] **C23** [cppreference](https://en.cppreference.com/w/c/23) [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/C23_(C_standard_revision)) [Whats on the Menu](https://thephd.dev/c23-is-coming-here-is-what-is-on-the-menu)
      ![[Software I Should Try - C23.png]]
	- New Standard for C language released in 2023
---
- [ ] **ExifTool** [Link](https://exiftool.org/)
      ![[Software I Should Try - ExifTool.png]]
	- Read, Write and Edit Meta Information
---
- [ ] **Substack** [Link](https://substack.com/)
      ![[Software I Should Try - SubstackLogo.png]]
	- Social Media platform focused on allowing people to write and read newsletters (and payment structures, etc. related to that)
---
- [ ] **objfromraw** [Link](https://git.mr4th.com/mr4th-public/objfromraw-binaries) (or [objembed](https://github.com/mcrbt/objembed))
      ![[Software I Should Try - objfromraw.png]]
	- Convert raw text (shader code) into an .obj file to be injected into the program at link time
- [ ] **WhiteBox** [Link](https://whitebox.systems/) [Itch Link](https://azmr.itch.io/whitebox)
      ![[Software I Should Try - WhiteboxLogo.png]]
	- WhiteBox is a software development tool that compiles runs and “debugs” your C(++) code live to report its execution patterns and data transforms.
---
- [ ] **/fsanitize=fuzzer** [Link](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/cpp/build/reference/fsanitize?view=msvc-170)
	- The Fuzzer in MSVC that allows verifying code by walking it using generated inputs
- [ ] **HCC (C SPIR-V Compiler)** [Link](https://github.com/heroseh/hcc)
      ![[Software I Should Try - HCCLogo.png]]
	- A compiler written by @hero_dev to compile C to SPIR-V

Commit message:

Added a few more things to Software I Should Try.md, and a few notes to Reading List.md and MSVC Compiler.md

Tools/Software I Should Try.md, after:

- [x] **Obsidian** [Link](https://obsidian.md/)
      ![[Software I Should Try - ObsidianLogo.png]]
	- Obsidian is the private and flexible writing app that adepts to the way you think
---
- [x] **Kagi** [Link](https://kagi.com/)
      ![[Software I Should Try - KagiLogo.png]]
	- Search Engine replacement for Google that is monthly subscription instead of Ads
---
- [ ] **fred** [YT Demo Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LmINbnhfLIc) [Twitch VOD Link](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/2306676590?t=04h38m52s) [fredbuf Link](https://github.com/cdacamar/fredbuf) [Blog Link](https://cdacamar.github.io/) [Twitter](https://x.com/starfreakclone)
	- "Friendly Text Editor" being built by @starfreakclone (aka Cameron DaCamara) demoed at HMS 2024
---
- [x] **4Coder** [Link](https://4coder.net/)
      ![[Software I Should Try - 4CoderLogo.png]]
	- Text Editor made by Alan Webster
---
- [ ] **Affinity Designer/Photo/Publisher** [Link](https://affinity.serif.com/en-us/)
      ![[Software I Should Try - AffinityLogo.png]]
	- Alternative to Adobe products with a 1-time payment structure rather than a subscription
---
- [x] **raddbg** [Link](https://github.com/EpicGamesExt/raddebugger)
      ![[Software I Should Try - RadDbgLogo.png]]
	- Windows debugger built by Ryan at RAD Game Tools, currently in ALPHA
---
- [ ] **SpeedCrunch** [Link](https://heldercorreia.bitbucket.io/speedcrunch/)
      ![[Software I Should Try - SpeedCrunchLogo.png]]
	- A command-line like interface for a calculator
---
- [x] **Zig** [Link](https://ziglang.org/)
      ![[Software I Should Try - ZigLogo.png]]
	- A general-purpose programming language and toolchain for maintaining robust, optimal, and reusable software
---
- [ ] **zigup** [Link](https://github.com/marler8997/zigup)
      ![[Software I Should Try - ZigupLogo.png]]
	- Download and manage Zig compilers (make it easy to use multiple versions for different projects)
---
- [ ] **Mach Engine** [Link](https://machengine.org/)
      ![[Software I Should Try - MachEngineLogo.png]]
	- A game engine (optionally framework) written in Zig. Can be used like GLFW/SDL/etc. (a framework) or like a Unity/Unreal/Godot (an engine)
---
- [x] **C23** [cppreference](https://en.cppreference.com/w/c/23) [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/C23_(C_standard_revision)) [Whats on the Menu](https://thephd.dev/c23-is-coming-here-is-what-is-on-the-menu)
      ![[Software I Should Try - C23.png]]
	- New Standard for C language released in 2023
---
- [ ] **ExifTool** [Link](https://exiftool.org/)
      ![[Software I Should Try - ExifTool.png]]
	- Read, Write and Edit Meta Information
---
- [x] **Substack** [Link](https://substack.com/)
      ![[Software I Should Try - SubstackLogo.png]]
	- Social Media platform focused on allowing people to write and read newsletters (and payment structures, etc. related to that)
---
- [ ] **objfromraw** [Link](https://git.mr4th.com/mr4th-public/objfromraw-binaries) (or [objembed](https://github.com/mcrbt/objembed))
      ![[Software I Should Try - objfromraw.png]]
	- Convert raw text (shader code) into an .obj file to be injected into the program at link time
- [ ] **WhiteBox** [Link](https://whitebox.systems/) [Itch Link](https://azmr.itch.io/whitebox)
      ![[Software I Should Try - WhiteboxLogo.png]]
	- WhiteBox is a software development tool that compiles runs and “debugs” your C(++) code live to report its execution patterns and data transforms.
---
- [ ] **/fsanitize=fuzzer** [Link](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/cpp/build/reference/fsanitize?view=msvc-170)
	- The Fuzzer in MSVC that allows verifying code by walking it using generated inputs
---
- [ ] **HCC (C SPIR-V Compiler)** [Link](https://github.com/heroseh/hcc)
      ![[Software I Should Try - HCCLogo.png]]
	- A compiler written by @hero_dev to compile C to SPIR-V
---
- [ ] **single_file_libs** [Link](https://github.com/nothings/single_file_libs) [C++ List](https://github.com/p-ranav/awesome-hpp) [clib](https://github.com/clibs/clib/wiki/Packages) [ccan](https://ccodearchive.net/list.html) 
      ![[Software I Should Try - AwesomeHeaderOnlyCppLibrariesLogo.png]]
	- Single-file public-domain/open source libraries with minimal dependencies
	- [Hedley](https://nemequ.github.io/hedley/) Hedley is a single C/C++ header you can include in your project to enable compiler-specific features while retaining compatibility with all compilers. It contains dozens of macros to help make your code easier to use, harder to misuse, safer, faster, and more portable.
	- [Vulkan Memory Allocator](https://github.com/GPUOpen-LibrariesAndSDKs/VulkanMemoryAllocator)
	- [fft](https://github.com/wareya/fft) Fast Fourier Transform
---
- [ ] **ScalableText** [Link](https://github.com/alektron/ScalableText?tab=readme-ov-file)
      ![[Software I Should Try - ScalableText.png]]
	- Minimal implementation of a text renderer based on the method described by Evan Wallace (@evanw) in [his article](https://medium.com/@evanwallace/easy-scalable-text-rendering-on-the-gpu-c3f4d782c5ac) 
---
- [ ] **refterm** [Link](https://github.com/cmuratori/refterm)
      ![[Software I Should Try - refterm.png]]
	- refterm is a reference renderer for monospace terminal displays. It was designed to demonstrate that even in the worst-case scenario - extremely slow Unicode parsing with Uniscribe and extremely slow glyph generation with DirectWrite - it is still straightforward to achieve reasonable frame rates and reasonable throughput by being sensible.
---
